[DOCS] Rearrange Makefile sections and local rendering (#442)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-HowToDocument: Documentation/Migration/Index.rst

everything went well. They can be ignored since these files are usually files that
not need to be converted. You can now delete :file:`Settings.cfg`. If you ever should need it again it is still in the Git history. Also delete

> file :file:`genindex.rst` in your documentation directory (if available).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file :file:`genindex.rst` in your :file:`Documentation/` directory (if available).
```

> While you could already jump in and render your docs directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you could already jump in and render your documentation directly
```

> (see :ref:`local rendering <rendering-docs>`), we suggest to clean up some other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(see :ref:`local rendering <rendering-docs>`), we suggest to clean up the following other
```

    rendering, and every file that is just a code snippet placed in an external file
    should be renamed to use a :file:`.rst.txt` extension instead.

Render your Documentation files locally
=======================================

> Use our Docker container to render your documentation locally. Read more about it in

Reviewer: I think I would like to keep this section at the top? Otherwise we might lose people thinking it's too hard to get this started, if they see a large block of text?

Reviewer 2: I agree

Reviewer: I chatted with @Alagts  about it and we came to an agreement to change that section to something like:

```
While you could already jump in and render your docs directly (see :ref:), we suggest to clean up some other things first:
```

This could then stand where the current heading stands, and link to the details... that would maybe make both sides happy, those who want to start rendering as soon as its possible, and those would also like to earn some cherries on top for finishing everything and rendering, when all is properly done.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good

:ref:`local rendering <rendering-docs>`.

The following list is not a requirement to utilize the PHP-based rendering, but
follows "best practice" to make the most of your documentation project.

> One of the most benefits is that it simplifies finding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the biggest benefit is, that it simplifies finding
```

    rendering, and every file that is just a code snippet placed in an external file
    should be renamed to use a :file:`.rst.txt` extension instead.

Render your Documentation files locally
=======================================

Use our Docker container to render your documentation locally. Read more about it in
:ref:`local rendering <rendering-docs>`.

The following list is not a requirement to utilize the PHP-based rendering, but
follows "best practice" to make the most of your documentation project.

> One of the biggest benefit is, that it simplifies finding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the biggest benefits is, that this simplifies finding
```

> :ref:`errors <h2document:migrate-possible-errors>` in your rst code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`errors <h2document:migrate-possible-errors>` in your reST syntax.
```

The :file:`Makefile` helps you to launch the local rendering described in :ref:`here <rendering-docs>`.
You create the :file:`Makefile` in order to register the command shortcuts that you

> would use to :ref:`render your documentation locally <rendering-docs>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
would use to :ref:`render your documentation locally <rendering-docs>` and also provide an entry point for further shortcuts (like testing).
```
